hello thou hast you get here and I'm
going to talk to them ah might you have
an auxiliary sensor to spare oh sure
just keep just got the robot or pots he
won't feel anything yeah that would be
great Tober why is strong boys lost of
pasta fresh fleshly is fine one less
auxiliary sensor is that much less I
have to listen to humans yeah we got it
thanks to about Oh what did you what did
you say something oh no you don't eat
hobo time to let dr. F know that we
collected all the parts needed to create
the super detector now we can grate the
super detective you created the super
detective whoa whoa what are you doing
for the super yeah you got this super to
echo what I think it's the ultra
detector isn't it oh no it's called a
stupid to txt this is the super stacker
we've got you have magnified Ross tektro
now we have got super day guitar solo
I'm sure
no oh there's something in the sand big
cross something in South Amer yet I like
you go over to chef wanna be we finally
found that knife you forever remember
that night how do it be someone at all I
find talk to this guy oh yes my best
blade is gone I could cut through
driftwood it's easy as spicy tuna I
found the knife on the beach perhaps
it's the one you lost it is so number
two chef wanna be I wanna be I wanna be
a joke my sister and I used to do so oh
yeah I remember look around here and
wait for oh my goodness it's like a
tadpole what is this stuff you ready go
but I gonna
ah fe it'll well love radiations trong
gets near the cliff wall by the trail
some the ends what's behind this wall
well now magically dusty thing palms I
remember now magic magic 1050 sorry got
up oh weird Esther so just how these on
top here you know the drill jump up or
not weird ok they open the treasure
chest I don't yell a lot longer to do it
the first time guys a lot longer but oh
my goodness it's a cave where they are
Maki caught some my investigation has
led me to a secret cavern there must be
some useful information here yes like
rejection I look
bleh so we had a trophy case and some
paint examine this it's a very high-tech
computer to examine up salmon nurse its
high-tech is no looks like it's used for
something aha an order office for Pete
Pete invoice says the Elder was based
from a phone on the boardwalk Oh ought
to do that but I examine this a
collection of lockers for Earth storing
Bengals no one let us pick the lock
looks like some type of masteress
control station looks like broken James
go fix this thing man oh yeah I love can
you wait a second again I need something
to do it
okay now I've got that thing you can do
it oh ok us see you I just have to
oppose it quickly I need to practice